to govern the 2 the gear the arneo o
the gear fit is necessary to use
applications within the phone ad
example to whom and manager gf manager with
chieri managers and manage watches with
and simply rfid the model of
smart band let's take a look at the managers
when only and exclusively when the
product is connected you can have
all this series of indications to
example choose water directly
by the dm manager
what style do you want for yours
phone you can of course select
the type of watch you want
use on the screen these are
functionality that you can obviously do
also on the clock but here they come
greatly simplified and from here to
the other you can also manage those that
are the features regarding
the notifications icons this is a part
very important because you see the
especially important speech from
use to activate because it is not
by default it is the transfer
smart this way when you have
an icon on your who is
just lift the galaxy s 5 for
get the display of
notification directly on the display without
do nothing else preview message
serves instead to have the
display a preview of this
which was sent to you in the notification
directly inside licola's
notification and here you select who and which
what can send you there can send the
some indication I must say that
compared to the past there is another thing
important you see this personal abse
another to manage applications
and possibly even install new ones
applications this is a
detail in my opinion is very important
also because we begin to find
something relevant also for the new
gr2 or the lakes and managers with taisen ci
they are already interesting applications
for example that of threads is that it gives the
possibility to see the news on
title is the image of the news
directly
here you see it at this point
this is the area from which you can download
there are no new applications
however many begin to arrive at
destination so this is the point in
in which very little you really are
able to govern your gere e
let's take a look yet see this
it concerns above all the management of the
double tap
and of course the g2 clicking
twice I for example have activated the
boys for the voice commands you can
make phone calls send also
messages regarding others
fundamental functions
it must be said that there is this for example
this is also enough
important you see here is launched s
get up on the phone but with the settings
you can tell 22 or the ring every
how long to transfer s data from
wearable device on the phone
This action is not automatic if you do not
set is right here
in short, if you have other questions for the
ddr2 operation and ibf and also
obviously the old samsung like al
usually on twitter
luca viscardi
no